>> Evan You: So the very obvious,
well, not really obvious but
we need to keep the URL as a piece
of reactive state inside our app,
in order for
our app to react to the changes.
So our root and probably,
should have data property called
url to hold the current url.
And where do we get the url?
We get it by retrieving
window.location.hash, and
we can slice off the leading hash,
just so things look a bit cleaner.
But the important thing is,
you want to initialize your app URL
with that hash, when the app boots.
This is important for
passing the test because,
if you directly visit
your page with hash foo.
And you don't initialize,
you're always something like null or
something, right?
Then, no components will be matched,
and your page will
just be blank when people visit
an existing, directly visit a hashed drl.
Which is not good.
So initializing your f state to
width with the hash on start up,
it's important to enable deep linking.
And then, inside the hashchange listener,
we just update the URL.
So this is enough to trigger reactive
updates, causing you to update your app.
And next is, in this case,
I'm using two components here.
But if you are lazy or
you just want to get it working,
you can in fact just
do something like url.
[LAUGH] That's pretty much it.
But in most cases, when you do routing,
you are switching between pages,
virtual pages, right?
And in the context of view or
most of today's frameworks,
pages are just components, right?
It just boxes all the way down.
So we use components, top level
components to represent the pages.
And really when you talk about switching
pages in a single page application app,
you're switched between components.
So which is why
the component is syntax is,
well suited for this use case.
Alternatively, you can get rid of
all this and get renofunctions,
remembering renofunctions, we were able
to, we'll actually talk about that later.
Now, our components are standardly
registered under fluent bar,
and we use component is url to match that.
This should give us the desired
result in the browser.
Really, all you need to do is make sure
the URL is reactive and that there is
a way to translate URL into a component
that's rendered in your template